AI-Aided: Add documentation for automatic channel category sorting feature (v10.10) (#8089)
mattermost/docs: source/preferences/customize-your-channel-sidebar.rst

To create categories, select the **+** symbol at the top of the sidebar. Or, select the **More options** |more-icon| icon in the sidebar on any category header, then select **Create New Category**.

.. note::

>   If your system admin has enabled the :ref:`Enable channel category sorting <configure/experimental-configuration-settings:enable channel category sorting>` experimental feature (available from Mattermost v10.10), you can also assign channels to categories directly during :doc:`channel creation </collaborate/create-channels>` and :doc:`channel renaming </collaborate/rename-channels>` workflows.

Author: ```suggestion
  If your system admin has enabled :ref:`channel category sorting <configure/experimental-configuration-settings:enable channel category sorting>`, you can assign channels to new or existing channel categories when :doc:`creating channels </collaborate/create-channels>` and :doc:`renaming channels </collaborate/rename-channels>` workflows.
```
